‐ I am Kirinmaru's daughter,
Rion.
‐ The daughter of Kirinmaru?
‐ The Kyuyokon root you seek
is right here.
It is yours to take
if you want it.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Girl Named Rion."
‐ Behold the Kyuyokon root.
Many demons and apparitions
have come here like you
seeking it, but they were all
swallowed up by the barrier
and disappeared.
The Kyuyokon
is the ultimate weapon.
It can absorb and expel
unlimited amounts
of demon power.
It is the one thing that
my father, Kirinmaru, fears.
That is why I offer it to you.
‐ Hold on. Are you really sure
you want to let us have it?
‐ Yeah, Kirinmaru's
not gonna like it.
‐ [sighs]
My father can't be satisfied
unless he's facing
the strongest of opponents.
To be considered worthy,
they must possess two things‐‐
first, the physical strength
to break through
the barrier at Mount Musubi,
and second, a kind heart
to understand and choose
what to protect
and what to let go of.
[Moroha and Setsuna gasp]
‐ And you're saying that's us?
‐ Yes. One of you three,
I'm certain,
will be able
to put an end to my father.
[wind blowing]
‐ Are you sure
it's Sesshomaru's daughters
that have come poking
around this mountain?
‐ Yeah, just take a whiff.
The place reeks of half‐demon.
‐ But I didn't even think
there was anyone who could
even get into this place.
‐ I heard that too!
[all gasp]
‐ Dear me, I keep running into
the shabbiest‐looking riffraff.
‐ Who the hell are you?!
‐ [Riku scoffs]
If those loincloths
are your idea of evening wear,
you have very poor taste.
I can't allow you to have
an audience with the princesses
dressed like that.
‐ Oh, you can't, huh?!
‐ How dare you?!
‐ Fine, then we'll
get rid of you first!
‐ [chuckles]
[blade slices]
[spurting]
[bodies thump]
‐ They even show poor taste
in the way they die.
Lady Towa,
unfortunately I myself
cannot enter Mount Musubi.
But please
do not concern yourself.
Your quest for the root
will not be impeded.
‐ [growling]
I will keep these small‐fry
demons from bothering you.
‐ I mean, Kirinmaru's
your father, after all.
You really want us to kill him?
‐ Yes.
You see, I am already dead.
‐ You're what?
‐ I lost my life
almost 600 years ago.
My time should have ended there,
but my father
refused to accept my death.
Ever since then, my soul has
been trapped in this astral body
and sealed away
here in Mount Musubi.
[all gasp]
Not only that, but by using
the Dream Butterfly,
my father has forced me
to meet him in his dreams.
‐ He's kept you here
all this time?
‐ For 600 years
after your death?
‐ Sheesh. Talk about being
an overprotective parent.
‐ I cannot tolerate my father's
selfishness any more.
I beg you, free my soul
and send me to the afterlife.
And more importantly,
put a stop
to my father's ambition.
He seeks to destroy everything
and bring about
the Degenerate Age.
My father has visited
every corner of this world,
but for one place,
and that would be the realm
that lies beyond space and time.
MOROHA: Beyond space and time?
‐ Does she mean the future world
I was living in?
RION: To achieve this,
he hopes to find and capture
a spirit named Akuru
to move the Windmill of Time.
But it is said that,
should that ever happen,
the world of the living
will come to an end.
[Moroha and Towa gasp]
‐ So that's the Degenerate Age,
RION: Flowers, trees,
insects, animals,
all the living things
I love and cherish in this world
will immediately cease to exist.
TOWA: No way.
[Rion sighs]
That is the one thing
I must stop him from doing,
no matter what it takes.
[Towa gasps]
I'm sorry for all the pain
you've had to‐‐
[yelps]
I'm sorry for your suffering,
that you've been burdened
with so much pain.
You were forced to spend
centuries all by yourself.
I can't imagine
the sheer loneliness.
RION: Are you shedding tears
for someone like me?
‐ Towa, remember who it is
you're dealing with.
She is Kirinmaru's daughter.
‐ So what?
Why does that matter?
‐ [sighs] You are truly
a kindhearted person, Lady Towa.
‐ Don't sweat it, okay?
We'll get you
out of this place, Rion.
I promise you that!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [thread chimes]
‐ [gasps]
[thread chimes]
A thread.
[blade pulses]
[dramatic music playing]
Is this a thread of her fate?
‐ It can't be.
You can actually see
the thread of fate
that binds me
to someone I am close to?
‐ Yes, somehow this naginata
has given me
the power to see them.
Rion, who does this thread
connect you to?
‐ I can't believe
it could be anyone else
but my father, Kirinmaru.
What you see is the evil bond
that has tied me to him
for 600 years.
Please, you must sever it!
‐ I've never tried to before.
‐ Sever it and free me so I
may set out for the afterlife.
‐ [gasps] But wait!
You would die, Rion!
‐ I already died long ago.
Please, I beg you.
I think, by severing the thread,
you might also
put a stop to Kirinmaru.
‐ Very well then.
[grunts]
If I can't cut this thread,
I'll never be able
to sever the thread
that ties my mother Rin to Zero.
Time to put it to the test.
I won't know unless I try!
[yells]
‐ The Dream Butterfly.
‐ I'm sorry.
It seems my aim was off.
‐ It's all right.
‐ Hey, is that
Setsuna's Dream Butterfly?
‐ No, it's not. It's mine.
That butterfly
is what Kirinmaru has used
to keep me in this place.
[ship creaks]
KIRINMARU: Rion...
are you saying that you find
your father's love irritating?
‐ But why? Is it that
I am not proficient enough yet?
‐ [rumble]
‐ [Moroha and Towa gasp]
MOROHA: The cocoon,
it fell apart.
And what the hell's that?
RION: It is
the vessel for my soul
made out of my bones
and soil from my grave.
‐ You mean
you've been locked away
in that thing for 600 years?!
‐ Yes.
[dramatic music playing]
KIRINMARU: Rion. Rion!
It is dangerous
for you to leave the cocoon.
Get back inside
like a good girl.
You must never leave
Mount Musubi.
‐ [whimpers]
‐ He stuffed her back inside!
‐ Rion!
‐ No, Father.
I have already escaped
the shackles you put on me!
[grunts]
I will make myself move...
and get away from here!
I will defy fate.
I will take this body you made
from my bones and grave soil,
and I will use it to rise again!
From now on, I will travel
on my own strength, my own path!
[thunder crashing]
‐ [pinwheel rattling]
‐ [gasps]
Lord Sesshomaru,
I sense that Akuru is near!
‐ Just ignore it, Jaken.
‐ [sighs] Ignore it?
And I suppose
he's just going to ignore
the deal he made
with Kirinmaru.
[sighs]
[yelps]
‐ Kirinmaru, begone from here!
[Towa gasps]
SETSUNA: So much demon energy!
[Moroha gasps]
‐ [grunts]
Let the barrier be undone!
[chime rings]
[cracking]
[energy surges]
[energy humming]
[humming stops]
‐ The barrier, it disappeared.
‐ [flute playing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [flute melody ends]
‐ Rion.
RION: Farewell, my dear father.
Oh, wow!
‐ Take a good look, Rion.
This world is one big sphere.
‐ It's amazing, Father!
[gasps]
[laughing]
You have given me so much,
but I have had
more than enough.
Lady Towa, allow me once again
to present this to you.
What was a Kyuyokon root before
is now the Star‐Slicer Flute.
‐ This came from that?
But it's just a flute.
‐ You will understand when
you play it, I can assure you.
‐ Uh...
‐ In exchange for it,
I ask only one thing,
that you will let me
travel with you. Please!
‐ Sure thing!
It's like they all say.
Any trip worth taking's
worth taking with friends.
‐ Welcome to the team, Rion.
‐ [gasps]
Oh, thank you so much.
SETSUNA: We're not
out of the woods yet.
All the evil demon energy
that was surrounding
this mountain until a moment ago
has gathered in one spot
and is now heading this way!
[growling]
‐ A demon spirit beast!
‐ A what now?
RION: Kirinmaru must have
had it ready just in case.
The instant we try
to escape this mountain,
it will attack!
‐ Then we
just have to destroy it!
‐ Well, this ought to be easy!
‐ [roaring]
MOROHA: Uh, maybe not that easy.
‐ Watch your back!
‐ [gasps]
‐ It's just attacking aimlessly!
‐ Oh, really? Now tell us
something we don't know!
‐ This is a nasty opponent!
‐ [roaring]
‐ You all right
back there, Rion?
‐ Lady Towa,
play the Star‐Slicer Flute!
‐ Huh?
Okay!
[playing melody]
[melody fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[roars]
‐ Lady Towa,
you are worthy of wielding
the legendary blade Zanseiken.
‐ You mean this?
No way.
RION: The Zanseiken
is a blade that pairs
with the Bakuseiken
wielded by Kirinmaru.
In ancient times,
Amatsumikaboshi,
the god of stars,
gifted two swords.
I have heard that
the Bakuseiken and the Zanseiken
were those two swords.
‐ So this one's the Zanseiken!
‐ It's coming, Towa!
‐ Leave it to me!
‐ Huh?
[beast roaring]
‐ [yells]
Oh, wow.
So this is the power
of the Kyuyokon!
And it's getting stronger
by the second!
‐ Setsuna,
you just gonna stand around
and let Towa steal the show?
‐ I should say not!
‐ No! Let me
handle this one myself!
‐ Okay, fine.
‐ Twin Azure Dragon Wave!
[dragons roaring]
[beast groaning]
‐ [whimpers]
Hmm?
[gasps]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [sighs]
‐ Oh, yeah!
RION: That was amazing!
With power like that,
you will certainly be able
to bring down my father!
‐ I wouldn't be so sure of that.
Your old man
is a whole lot stronger
than that demon spirit thing.
‐ Hey, you never know.
We might just stand
a better chance this time.
‐ Get real. Have you
forgotten what happened
‐ the last time we fought him?
‐ [chuckles]
MOROHA: Tell her, Setsuna.
‐ Leave me out.
It's not for me to say
one way or the other,
because I'm the one he killed.
‐ [gasps]
I apologize
on behalf of my father.
[Setsuna gasps] Stop that.
‐ Yeah, no one blames you
for the sins of your father.
‐ [gasps]
‐ TOWA: Besides,
didn't you
just make up your mind
that you're going
to stand up to Kirinmaru?
‐ Yes. Yes, you're right.
‐ Okay, then!
We got what we came for,
so I say it's time we head home.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Right.
MOROHA: Man, I am starving.
TOWA: What else is new?
‐ [all gasp]
‐ Huh?
TOWA: Sesshomaru.
‐ Yukari no Tachikiri...
have you mastered
its powers yet?
‐ Not yet.
It seems my aim was off.
‐ I see. It appears
you still lack resolve.
‐ The Tenseiga?!
What are you gonna do with that?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Is that the Dream Butterfly
that's been stealing her sleep?
‐ What is going on here?
‐ That Butterfly
that possessed you
was delivering
your sleep and dreams to Rin.
It's what has kept
your mother alive
by holding
the silver‐scale curse in check.
‐ If I cut it down now,
you will be able to sleep again,
but the silver scales will start
to spread over Rin's body,
and she will soon die.
‐ No.
SESSHOMARU: What will it be?
‐ Cut it down.
I will save her.
SESSHOMARU: Are you sure?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
[blade slices]
‐ Now you will finally
be able to sleep once again.
However, there is
no time for that.
‐ Tell me,
how can I break the curse?
‐ That is up to you.
‐ What?
‐ Moroha, did you meet Inuyasha?
‐ Huh? Wait.
How did you know that?!
‐ I see.
‐ Eh? We're leaving?
Wait for me, Lord Sesshomaru!
‐ [sighs]
It is up to me?
Well, it looks like
that's about it, then.
‐ Huh?
Riku?!
‐ Oh? Why, Lady Towa!
Fancy that!
‐ Riku? It's been so long!
‐ What? Miss Rion,
can it really be you?
‐ [gasping]
Oh, Riku!
‐ [gasps]
But how is this possible?
‐ [laughs] This here
is an artificial body I'm in.
It's so good
to see you again, Riku.
Tell me, how have you been?
‐ Oh, well, you know...
[gasps] No, don't look at me!
You mustn't look!
If you show yourself to me,
Miss Rion,
then you'll be showing yourself
to your father as well!
‐ Oh, that's all right.
‐ Is that true?
‐ It is, so you must be careful,
because everything
that I see and hear
gets right back to Kirinmaru.
‐ Really?
So if I say something,
Kirinmaru will hear it?
‐ Uh, exactly.
Hmm?
‐ [gasps]
H‐Hold on. L‐Lady Towa?
‐ Hey, Kirinmaru,
can you hear me?!
You in there?! I hope so,
'cause I wanna tell you
that we freed your daughter Rion
and she's with us right now!
And if you
got a problem with that,
‐ you know where to find us!
‐ Oh, brother.
[Rion sighs]
We'll take you on
anytime, anywhere!
We're not gonna run or hide!
[echoing] So bring it on!
‐ Hmph. Interesting.
‐ That was magnificent,
Lady Towa.
‐ [gasps]
‐ One thing, though.
Allow me to look after Miss Rion
for a short while.
‐ What?
‐ But why?
‐ If you're not able
to move about freely,
you might become
a hindrance to Lady Towa.
But that is why I am here.
[chime rings]
Miss Rion and I will go on ahead
and wait for you.
‐ Are you sure?
‐ Miss Rion, may I?
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps]
‐ There we are.
Now if you will excuse us...
[Towa gasps]
‐ We shall meet again soon!
‐ See you!
And there they go.
‐ [Setsuna gasps]
‐ Huh?
Setsuna?
‐ Setsuna! What happened?!
‐ I don't know.
I can't even stand up.
‐ Are you hurt somewhere?
‐ [soft snoring]
‐ Uh...
‐ [gasps]
‐ [soft snoring]
‐ Setsuna, what is it?!
What's wrong?!
Setsuna! Answer me!
‐ Oh, so that's it.
‐ What do you mean?
What's wrong with her?
‐ Relax. She just fell asleep.
‐ She fell asleep?
‐ Sesshomaru cut Setsuna's
Dream Butterfly in half.
Don't you remember?
'Cause of that...
‐ Does that mean she's
never gonna wake up again?!
‐ She'll be just fine.
‐ Oh, I'm so glad!
Setsuna, You go right ahead
and sleep, you hear?!
‐ She's finally
able to get some sleep,
so why don't you just
leave her alone? Seriously.
SETSUNA: I'm so sleepy!
So sleepy, I can't help it!
But I don't have time
to sleep....
[yawns]
Maybe just a little nap.
Hmm? Wait. Where am I?
Why am I dressed in a kimono?!
Hisui, I had no idea
you were so well‐educated.
Next time on Yashahime,
"Hisui the Demon Slayer."
Who said sleep
was good for you?